Core Java questions
1. What is the difference between final, finally & finalize ?
2. Can we overload static methods, Explain with Example?
3. Difference between static binding & dynamic binding ?
4. Difference between List & Set ?
5. Difference between Exceptions & Error?
6. What are Checked & Unchecked Exception ?
7. What is co-variant data types ?
8. Suppose if Parent class is throwing an Exception, What exception a child can throw ?
9. What is Compile Time & Runtime Exception ?
10. At what condition you need to handle the exception, explain with example ?
11. Java 8 concepts
12. Functional interfaces and its usage
13. Lamda expression
14. Filter list of emp whose salary  greater than 50k in Java 8
15. Exception handling and hash map internal functionality in Java 8
16. Comparator and comparable
17. Singleton class And string immutable concept
18. Java 8 Version features and which using in project, from Basics to Scenario .stream API
19. Functional interface
20. Lamda expression
21. Java 8 functions and streams
22. Java basics on collections(concurrent hash map)


1. String builder vs String buffer?
2. what if we use final keyword for abstract class? can we use it?
3. Spring MVC architecture
4. How Controller class defines which services to be called in MVC?
5. Services used in Micro services?
6. Actuator?
7. Heap memory and Stack memory?
8. How to control Memory leakage?
9. Bean Life cycle?
10. Why dependency injection?
11. types of Stream?
12. Example of Function Interface and usage inn your project?
13. Stages in Jenkin Ci / CD pipeline?
14. API gateway usage?
15. Profiles used in your project?
16. How to generate credentials for your DB which is used in your project?
17. Immutable class?

 Microservices
Communicate between two microservice?
Rest template methods
12 factors in microservice
Load balancing in your application
Security used in your application
Optional keyword
Http request status types and uses
Post vs put
Scenario based questions like create a spring boot application on the mentioned scenario
OOPs concepts
Functional interface
String concepts0
AWS S3 (Added advantage)
Spring boot uses
Spring boot annotations
Angular basic concepts
Description about the project


Springboot :
Difference between spring & Springboot , and its advantages
Real scenario with Agile, how it is used in project.
About Spring Security
DB Senario based questions
Spring boot annotations
Spring boot auto wired
Two dimensional array – one dimensional array
 Spring boot configurations and dependency basics
Configure Routes
Configure env files
Two way binding
How to handle http call
Observables
How to deploy an app
explain ur exp in spring boot
multi thread
JDBC connections
Connection pool & DB
Performance improvement of query
how to handle in clause for 10k records in subquery
How to disable active session and how to check it in code, db
Test driven approach
Unit , integration testing
Validation in spring boot
Exception handling of those validations
Ur strength nd weakness
Questions related to previous projects
Achievements
Why microservices
Cascading
Cassandra vs Rdb
Spring security
Java version 7 or 8 features
Difference between interface and abstract class
Advantages of Springboot and it's features
What are spring profiles
How did you configure the profiles
List few annotations in Springboot
How to connect to databases
What is springjpa
CI/CD configuration explanation in my project
How to check the code quality
Types of join queries
How to configure composite key

Spring boot annotations in main file
Spring Boot vs spring MVC
3.authention n Authorization for resat services .  Oauth2 or any..
Db configuration
Get n load diff in jpa
FindById and get() method difference in spring jpa
How to use Profiles and what is its significance ?
Can you make a connection of 2 databases in a springboot application ?
What is RowMapper?
What are the different bean scopes available in SpringBoot ?
How does Spring Boot application starts ?
