1. Why can't multiple inheritance be achieved in java?
2.why string is immutable?
3.how to create a custom immutable class?
4.what is the marker interface?
5.Diff between interface and Abstract class?
6.Where are we going to use interface and Abstract?
7.Method overloading and Overriding diff?
8.Diff between Linked ArrayKist and Linked list?
9. Right scenario to use list and set interface?
10.Internal working of map interface?
11.what is concurrent modification exception?
12.What is an exception and how to handle it?
13.is it possible to write finally block without catch block?
14.diff between checked and unchecked exceptions?
15. How to create custom exceptions?
16. throw vs throws keyword?
17. Java 8 future?
18.Functional interface
19.Stream Api Questions on stream methods

Program

1. Write the pseudocode for all the OOPS concept
2. write the program to find maximum occurrence  by given character?

Spring boot & Micro services

1.How spring boot works?
2.Frequently used annotations and its use?
3.What are qualifier annotations?
4.How to get the single value and group of values from the application property file?
5.What is dependency injection?
6.What is Autowired?
7.Why Constructor injection does not handle Cy dependency?
8.How to communicate between two micro services?
9.Pro and cons of microservice?
10.what is a singleton design pattern?
11.What kind of design pattern is used in your current project?
12.Post vs put?
13.Spring security
14.Spring Boot vs spring MVC
15.Can you make a connection of 2 databases in a spring boot application ?


SQL

1. Scenario based join query?
2. Where are we going to use the " Having " keyword?
3.What is sql injection?
4.Seconario based like keyword query
5.Seconario based aggregate function query
6.how to handle in clause for 10k records in subquery

Devops

1.What is git?
2.Basic operation of git?
3.Basic of jenkins server?
4.How to configure github with jenkins server?
5.How to handle the Conflicts while doing code merging?
6.Stages in the Jenkin Ci / CD pipeline?

Angular js

1. What is SPA(Single Page Application)?
2.Define Scope in AngularJS?
3.Explain the data binding process in AngularJS?
4.What is an AngularJS module?

Current Project?

1.Current project roles and Responsibility?
2.Explain about all previously worked projects?
3.What kind of methodology is used in your current project?
4.How to monitor day to day activity?
5.Where you get the task details and who will assign to you task?
6. Project group size?
7.How to maintain code in your current project?

MicroServices:
1) How does communication take place between Microservices?
2) How does the Discovery Client work?
3) What do you understand about Zuul?
4) What is the use of containers in Microservices?
5) API Gateway and its features

Springboot:
6) How can you configure Spring Boot application login?
7) What is the main difference between SOA and the Microservices Architecture?
8) Actuator in springboot
9) Spring profiles and how to configure
10) JWT authentication
11) Open feign client vs Resttemplate
12) @postconstruct vs @predestroy
13) @Bean vs @SpringbootApplication
14) @Responsebody
15) @controlleradvice vs @restcontrolleradvice


Core Java
1) Interceptors
2) Immutable class
3) String pool and literals – difference
4) Java 8 Streams – coding question
5) What are Functional Interfaces?
6) What is the difference between the Collection API and Stream API?
f7) Hash collision
8) Singleton and prototype(Scope of Beans)

Jquery:
1) How will you make ajax call as synchronous?

MySQL and Hibernate:
1) Is SessionFactory a thread-safe object?
2) Hibernate – configuration
3) Transactions in java

What is Used annotations in Spring boot.
Difference between been and   service annotations.
How you will manage application in different profile.
How we secure rest request
Different way to secure application.
How JWT token work
How you will increase performance of system
Where you will define dB credentials details
How you will make secure dB credentials